Introduce StorageClass to PVC annotation mutator (#52)
storageos/api-manager: controllers/pvc-mutator/README.md

  ensures that PVCs that have requested encryption have a valid configuration,
  generating encryption keys if needed.

- [StorageClass to annotation](/controllers/pvc-mutator/storageclass/README.md):

>   ensures that StorageOS related PVCs have them StorageClass as an annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ensures that StorageOS related PVCs have their StorageClass' UID as an annotation.
```

Reviewer: nit: typo/grammar
